needs-fixing.md, before:

- [ ] the title is way too crowded (title, date, tags, draft). Find a solution!
- [ ] the links to article/post/projects. Maybe below last entries. They need
  to be more "special" than just links. Maybe also have something saying "Find
  more ..."
- [ ] could we have arrows going down (top -> about -> links -> last)
- [ ] need a badge or something for last entries. Maybe a title "last entries"
- [ ] maybe social links should be more obvious on the homepage (out of the
  footer). It's already the case with every other component of the footer
- [ ] maybe the font could be different. Going for a serif? I think I just get
  use to it when working in this blog...
- [ ] listing should show the date as well
- [ ] the background of pre should be light, slightly blueish. Maybe even
  remove syntax highlighting
- [ ] tags shouldn't be just dull grey. Give them some hue...
- [ ] remove facebook and dev.to sharing link. Twitter's should be a badge, not
  an icon
- [ ] on the home page, the title should be a link pointing to /
- [ ] remove google analytics
- [ ] in the header, the current section should be emphasized (de-emphasize the
- [ ] listing of post should be partial
- [x] the read more links should be closer to the above than to the next one
  other sections)
- [x] CV!!
- [x] maybe display the site's logo in the header?

Commit message:

listing: make entry article (summary) a partial
Also, mess around with the colors, and move the tags closer to the title

needs-fixing.md, after:

- [ ] the title is way too crowded (title, date, tags, draft). Find a solution!
- [ ] the links to article/post/projects. Maybe below last entries. They need
  to be more "special" than just links. Maybe also have something saying "Find
  more ..."
- [ ] could we have arrows going down (top -> about -> links -> last)
- [ ] need a badge or something for last entries. Maybe a title "last entries"
- [ ] maybe social links should be more obvious on the homepage (out of the
  footer). It's already the case with every other component of the footer
- [ ] maybe the font could be different. Going for a serif? I think I just get
  use to it when working in this blog...
- [ ] listing should show the date as well
- [ ] the background of pre should be light, slightly blueish. Maybe even
  remove syntax highlighting
- [ ] remove facebook and dev.to sharing link. Twitter's should be a badge, not
  an icon
- [ ] on the home page, the title should be a link pointing to /
- [ ] remove google analytics
- [ ] in the header, the current section should be emphasized (de-emphasize the
- [x] tags shouldn't be just dull grey. Give them some hue, and make them
  closer to the title
- [x] listing of post should be partial
- [x] the read more links should be closer to the above than to the next one
  other sections)
- [x] CV!!
- [x] maybe display the site's logo in the header?
